2019 update (#5)
nerdschoolbergen/build-and-deploy: _exercises/exercise_4.md

## Create a project

> If you have done this Nerdschool workshop before and already have a Heroku project for this, either delete it or create a new one with a slightly different name, for example `YOURNAME-build-and-deploy-2019`.

:pencil2: On your dashboard, create a new app.

![](./images/heroku01.png)

> :pencil2: Give it a name (for example `YOURNAME-build-and-deploy-2019`).  

Reviewer: Kanskje bare erstattet 2019 med CURRENT_YEAR eller noe så vi slipper å oppdatere årstall hvert år?

Author: Godt poeng, endrer til:
```suggestion
:pencil2: Give it a name (for example `YOURNAME-build-and-deploy-CURRENT_YEAR`).  
```
